capital = 556

oob = "MLI_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
	}
}

set_convoys = 0


recruit_character = CHA_george_padmore
recruit_character = MLI_coi
recruit_character = MLI_aa2
recruit_character = MLI_democratic_guy
recruit_character = MLI_acd2
recruit_character = MLI_acr
recruit_character = MLI_fascist_guy
recruit_character = MLI_stc
recruit_character = MLI_ncs
recruit_character = MLI_awt
recruit_character = MLI_mt
recruit_character = MLI_communist_guy
recruit_character = MLI_ai2
recruit_character = MLI_ar
recruit_character = MLI_acas
recruit_character = MLI_acgs
recruit_character = MLI_ncm
recruit_character = MLI_nt
recruit_character = MLI_pot
recruit_character = MLI_nccr
recruit_character = MLI_aco2

1939.1.1 = {
	
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = large_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	set_technology = {
		tech_support = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		gw_artillery = 1

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	anarchism = 33
	fascism = 10
	communism = 45
	neutrality = 12
}

set_cosmetic_tag = MLI_africanist
